the economy the situation around you is
about to take a turn for the worst you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you I am not here to sugarcoat
it I'm just going to give you what you
need to know in this video we're going
to look at what's happening in the
economy what about the stock market
certain stocks have achieved higher
higher highs and yet some things around
you are absolutely disintegrating I want
to connect all of these dots to today
I've got some notes written down as well
to give you information at the end to
tell you what you actually need to do to
make this situation which looks so
terrible on the outside to make it at
least a lot better for you when compared
to the average many people they're
unaware of what's going on they're not
going to pay attention and you have to
be as an individual have to be prepared
when we look at it from the government
level we know that they're not going to
help us we know that they are not going
to actually take action to do things
that would benefit us we've got to do it
for ourselves that's going to take a lot
of digging so get your shovel let's
begin more high-profile retail stores
are feeling the pain of lagging consumer
optimism struggling discount retailers
point to a cash strapped consumer Big
Lots I was actually talking to Big Lots
recently um with my other business
retail business selling to uh stores and
they're one of those that are closing a
lot of stores which stores do they close
well the ones that not just Big Lots but
any of these what they do is they close
the non-performing stores what do we do
we get rid of these ones that are just
not cutting it let's do that let's trim
what's happening with Amazon sellers and
e-commerce sellers right now they're all
of them all the Smart Ones they are
starting to say which ones are our
lowest performing SKS or products and
they cut those off they say we're not
going to sell that anymore we're not
going to sell that anymore what does
this do well of course it creates
problems it creates shifts it's just a
change it's just a change but it is a
signal and I've been seeing this
pervasive everywhere they are all doing
the same thing we are trimming from the
bottom when you look at stores that
they're closed but employees at these
big businesses they are also trimming
from the bottom they're basically saying
I believe it's Google who said every
year we or Amazon actually we'd like to
get rid of the bottom 10% that's what we
do we're constantly and as workers that
makes sure that you're like hey they cut
10% of the people a year I want don't
want to be part of that 10% I need to
you know consistently push so it pushes
them forward that's the idea anyway
other stores other retailers are like
Dollar General now this was like
mindblowing for me looking at in 2019
where Dollar General and all the dollar
different dollar stores they were the
only ones actually opening stores Dollar
Stores of course they're not all the
same but what Market are they trying to
get into it's those looking for cheaper
Goods obviously and stores like Walmart
were saying hey we're losing out to
these dollar stores but what has
happened now is that this particular
stock as it says right here the shares
of Dollar General in one day dropped
32% it admitted that its earnings report
was lower uh you know with lower income
customers are still struggling like this
is a crazy thing discount retailers
where you see with Big
Lots they are feeling it as well a lot
of that is people saying you know do I
really need that right now nah forget it
and they're choosing other things they
are really being as the Walmart uh CEO
had used this term and I like to think
of it all the time as choiceful and
they're basically saying you know I
don't need that but I'll spend it on
that and it doesn't mean that they're
not spending oh my goodness they're
spending more than ever before debt um
when we look at it with credit cards for
instance it's at the highest level it's
ever been but the savings rate continues
to decline it's basically
non-existent and by the way savings rate
doesn't mean like how much cash in the
bank because you could say hey they're
just investing it it's what's left over
at the end of the day that number keeps
declining this is a problem okay so we
have that we can connect it in with
other things look I'll show you some of
the charts you could see Dollar Generals
stock just to give you an idea like 32%
yeah we haven't seen that before this
chart goes all the way back to the
financial crisis looking at how far this
stock has moved in in relatively short
period of time hey you were thinking
that everything is good no no since this
period of time of increasing interest
rates the consumer has been hurt if you
are feeling this right now trust me
you're not alone you are not alone and
so this is what's happening and you
could see it being felt in this one
particular stock but it's just like you
know a small piece of the puzzle how
many Dollar General stores are there in
the United States
19,000 19,000 and so you could see where
they are located on this map just to
give you an idea that this is spread
everywhere it's not just one place it's
not one
place when we look at the stock market
overall we are near the highest that we
have ever been in many different ways
and you could look at it not just in
dollar value because I don't think
that's really fair especially when we
look back a 100 years it could say hey
this thing just keeps going up up and up
and up your financial advisor tells you
hey you got to invest because look at
that chart it just goes up and up and up
but comparing it to the GDP gives us an
idea of where is the stock market at
versus the economy always going to be
fluctuations but you can kind of gauge
if we're getting a little bit of ahead
of ourselves and certainly right now uh
we are in that zone
let me tell you and so when these things
start to happen at the same time we have
a weakening economy you know there's a
problem I'll show you some factors more
stolen cars are being shipped overseas
from the tri-state area ports experts
say that it is a world epidemic this is
going on in Canada this is going on in
other places as well and what do you
think the crime for this is oh no
worries just a little slap on the wrist
that's right looking at it here Fair
evasion surges on New York city buses
where 48% of riders fail to pay okay
yeah you could point you could say yeah
oh it's just New York oh it's it's
California yeah do do they have problems
absolutely absolutely but we have to
start digging in and being a lot smarter
as individuals about where we currently
are is this the right place we have to
start potentially looking elsewhere
different cities states or provinces
countries who knows maybe we'll go off
into Mars if that's the right place to
be speaking of planets here you can see
uh looks like the moon the world is the
same everywhere that's a quote but that
not really not really uh in this context
anyway not true of course the way that
they're saying it here is you know you
go to one place or another and we all
have similarities and that's absolutely
true but when we look at the economy
around oh it's definitely not the same
everywhere this is showing us US dollar
per square foot comparing major cities
around the world Hong Kong off the
charts Toronto doesn't even get included
in here which
is which is hilarious uh because it's in
here somewhere uh but it's so
insignificant on the global scale that
they don't even don't even include it um
which as a Canadian is like really funny
but when I compare these things I'm
looking at New York and London all these
places super expensive per square foot
and what has happened a lot of these
different places that's been looking
terrible like terrible trajectory super
high taxes in a lot of these places
millionaires are just leaving what's the
one place that has done very well no
question about it just Dubai and you're
seeing that in here at the very you know
you know this this list here
$441 per square foot compared to all
these other cities which have done you
know so well previously but in the last
15 years oh my goodness has the world
really changed since the financial
crisis most economies around the world
the ones that were strong before
haven't done well since 2020 that has
been exacerbated even further what have
all these places basically done is that
they have made their economies much
worse they have made it much worse and
they don't intend to fix it that is an
absolute fact Dubai on the other hand
United Arab Emirates has done extremely
well if you could say yeah but this and
that and so on Singapore in many ways is
a lot like Dubai or United Arab Emirates
and so you're seeing that and it's just
an interesting thing what we're seeing I
I don't think the world that we've had
over the past let's say 50 years is the
same world that we are living in today
gross rental yelds for Dubai residential
percentages you're looking at this just
wanted to give you an idea um when we
when we could see this data and the way
that it has come to be it tells a story
right it's just telling a story
I'm not saying you know you should go
there and everybody should move there
that's not what I'm saying uh but just
understand that the world isn't what it
was just a little while ago a few things
that you need to be doing take action
right now I talk about this on the
finance Friday we're in the finance
Friday crew we get into the absolute
details of what you can do the actions
you got to take on the Sunday sessions
we talk about actually building a
business from the ground up three things
I got okay
be prepared for worsening conditions
you'll have to pay more and you're going
to get less if you're living in one of
these places the traditional the Legacy
as The Nomad capitalist would call it
the Legacy brand countries you're going
to pay more you're going to get less
simple matter of fact so if that's the
case what are you going to do what are
the actions you going to take as a
result of that some people are saying
hey I'm just moving other people are
saying okay I got to cut back here I got
to take on a second third job that's
what they're doing um you got to invest
broadly because right now we're moving
from west to east we're looking at new
technologies coming up like the way that
you did things before not necessarily
the way you want to be doing it today
traditionally there was always the 6040
split in a portfolio that was
Diversified but that has really changed
today certain things didn't even exist
when that was around like think about
cryptocurrencies and things these are
were were literally trillions of dollars
have gone into and they didn't even
exist and people are still trying to
have that mentality why because
professionals whether that professional
is an engineer a doctor whatever it is
these professionals they study so
imagine when they went to school they
went to school for 5 years 10 years
whatever the case is imagine when the
books that they were reading during that
period of time were written and imagine
the teachers that they are learning
learning from when they went to school
and when those books were being uh
written and so on that's how old this
information is and that's what's being
fed to you indirectly these
professionals they have their place and
purpose there's no question about it but
we got to start thinking out of the box
if we want to stay ahead there's going
to be no way to do that otherwise okay
keep your inner circle tight look for
similar people you could find people on
the internet you could join different
groups there are meetup groups there are
all kinds of things but where you feel
you know that is the right place get in
touch with them you can go like for
instance Amazon sellers there are
conferences there are groups I'm part of
um you know what they call the elite
group on Amazon and it's just a place
where people can join and we could talk
the different you know things that are
relevant to to us right maybe not not
relevant to other people but you're on
the same page you know Preppers groups
there's Community Gardens if you're into
that you go to the community garden you
join the community Gard yeah you can
grow food and so on but you're now
amongst other people that are doing the
same thing as you that's what you want
you canot going to convince your family
your friends your co-workers on certain
things you've got to do it yourself I
hope this is really you realize like
it's not just a bunch of problems no no
it's all always about the actions you're
going to take the actions you're it's
not a solution until you take action on
it if you want real deal action join me
live live every single week There's a
link at the top of the description hit
that link read the page reach out to me
if you want more details and I'll see
you there take care